Document how Furo theme inheritance works (#353)
Qiskit/qiskit_sphinx_theme: CONTRIBUTING.md

5. Build the example docs with `THEME=_qiskit_furo tox -e docs` to ensure everything works.
6. Update this guide with specific instructions for the web component.

------
## FYI: How Furo Theme Inheritance Works

We use Sphinx's inheritance future for our Furo theme, which we set in `furo/base/theme.conf`. Sphinx will default to using all the files from Furo. But if we have a file with the same name as Furo, then Sphinx will use our copy. That allows us to override only what we care about.

> We try to keep changes to a minimum because every divergence we make from base Furo increases our maintenance burden. Bias towards only making changes that are important to the Qiskit brand. If the change would be generally useful to upstream Furo, try to upstream the change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We try to keep changes to a minimum because every divergence we make from base Furo increases our maintenance burden. Hence we prioritise only making changes that are important to the Qiskit brand. If the change would be generally useful to other users of Furo, we try to contribute upstream to the Furo project itself.
```

{% include "custom_templates/extra_head.html" %}
{#- QISKIT CHANGE: end. -#}
```

If the change is greater than 1-3 lines, write the code in a new file in `custom_templates`, then use Jinja's `include` directive, as shown in the example right above.

### How to change CSS
Make CSS changes in the file `qiskit_changes.css`. It takes precedence over any CSS rules from Furo.

When adding changes, document the rationale unless the code is already self-documenting and obvious. Group similar changes into sections.

You can change [Furo's CSS variable values](https://github.com/pradyunsg/furo/tree/main/src/furo/assets/styles/variables) by setting them in the `body` rule at the top. When introducing our own CSS variables, prefix it with `--qiskit` for clarity, e.g. `--qiskit-top-nav-bar-height`.

### How to update the Furo version
Update the version in `setup.py`. Always pin to an exact version of Furo.

However, when updating, closely analyze each commit in the release to check for any changes that would break our fork. We want to make sure that our HTML files are always in sync with Furo. If they have made any changes, then add them back to our copy of the file.

> ------

Author: Thanks! The idea is that you can add this yourself in a follow up PR. That way you get the "credit" for doing that, like the commit is attributed to you. I don't want to take credit for your work.

> ------

Reviewer 2: ok, thanks for that I'll add it
